this is my brief introduction to tulip
ll the ID their main idea of ll it is to
get all the stickers facing up on the
last layer so you've already completed
the first two layers so you'd normally
be cross if you're doing keeping a seat
for itself then you do the first two
layers you complete them by making pairs
and inserting them and now the aim is to
get all the yellow stickers in this case
facing up if you solved say an orange
cross you need to get all the red
thickness facing up it's basically all
the stickers facing up it's Oh L L
stands for orient the last layer and the
idea is just to put them the right way
up so there are four cases you can get
to the first part because this is tulip
LOL so the first look is the aim is to
make an entire cross so get all the
edges oriented correctly you can see
this is the first one there are no edges
oriented correctly here you can have a
case where you have an L shape which is
two edges oriented correctly you can
have a case where it's a line where it's
these two edges oriented correctly or
you can have a cross in which case
you've solved that first part of the up
so the algorithm for this is f R u R
prime u prime F Prime and that will give
you the second case where you've got an
L so you orient it so that the it looks
like an L you wouldn't have it like that
you make it look like that and then you
repeat the algorithm again okay you are
prime u prime F Prime and you get the
bar and then two if you did it a third
time F R u R prime G prime you get a
full cross now there is um a little bit
a little bit of a cheat so and what you
can do is you can do that algorithm
backwards so instead of F R u R prime u
prime F Prime
you can do f u R u prime R prime F Prime
when you get the L case F u R u prime R
prime X Prime and that would take you
straight without having to go through
the bar so that is the first of the two
looks in tulip LLL it will give you a
solid cross on top it means all your
edges are oriented oriented correctly
you should have learned this from the
beginners method anyway so that's that
the next step is to solve all of the
corners to make them all face up or the
earth stick is facing up now there are a
number of different cases you can have
here ranging from one corner oriented no
corners oriented sorry - one two or all
four and there are seven cases in total
six where you actually have to perform
an algorithm and one which would
obviously be solved - the first case is
no corners oriented correctly so what
you will have is you'll have two
headlights and two headlights this is
called the headlights case and and you
would hold it so that the headlights
face in front of users and matically
this way around with headlights all this
way around as long as they're facing you
if you held it like that you're gonna do
it wrong and it's just repeating the
algorithm we've literally learned three
times but without the F F Prime so f R u
R prime u prime R u R prime u prime R u
R prime u Prime and then you do the F
prime so instead of doing an F prime and
then start off an F you obviously don't
need to do that because an F and then F
prime is the same thing so that would
solve your first case it'll give you all
all it is oriented the second no corners
case where you'll see and that there are
they're all facing out is this is where
you've got one set of headlights but
instead of the head like being
headlights on the opposite side the
yellow stickers are facing out make up a
name for this color what you want but
the algorithm for this is small F - both
of these layers the same again R u R
prime u Prime and then you do an S move
which is just to move this middle layer
here s if you give you something that
looks like that and then you do are you
our prime u prime F Prime and that will
give you all the ideas oriented now the
next case is soon which is one corner
oriented this can come in two different
versions so in this case I think this
one's an T soon I forget but the our
algorithm on this one is L prime do u
prime L u prime L prime u - and you
should have learnt that in terms of on
when you did the beginners method you
would have used a similar algorithm to
correctly put their edges in the right
place you can see so you in this case we
would do soon so it would be instead of
doing it on the left you do it on the
right maybe ah you are prime u R u2 R
prime and that will give you all edges
oriented now we move on to where we've
got two oriented edges and to miss
oriented edges the algorithm for this is
R u R prime u prime u s-- notice r u r
prime u prime use a trigger that you've
limped for and that comes up a lot and
it's R u prime R prime u 2 u R prime u 2
u R Prime
and that will correctly orient all your
corners the penultimate case is where
you have two corners and oriented
instead of having headlights on the
previous case we have the yellow
stickers facing out as you'd hold it
like this and you would do a smaller
which is both layers you normal are
prime you prime a smaller front keeping
both those layers down F regular are F
Prime and that will give you all solved
and the final two layer case is where
you it's very similar to the one we did
secondary F Prime smaller you regular R
prime u prime small our prime F regular
and that will give you all corners
oriented so thanks for watching as
always in the description I will include
all the algorithms written apt if you
enjoyed this video feel free to
subscribe for similar videos also I'm
going through all the PLL's at the
moment and showing you those so check
them out and thank you for watching for
bye